In the last lecture we used our recipe service and we created in the first place we full up some life
to manage our recipes in a central place that is working great.
Now let's use that service to improve our app.
Remember we have this long chain of inputs and outputs getting a selected item from the recipe item
component.
Overdye recipe list component to the recipes component here.
When we listen to that event and then all the way down using the selected recipe property to resume
a detailed component so does cross component communication that is a super long way for just informing
and Navaira component that we select that an item we can do better and we should.
So what my goal is that any recipe item component where we have is on selected click here.
We can directly inform the rest of the detail component.
So an enclave.
What I actually want to do here is I want you not emit an event here.
I will get rid of it here and therefore I can remove the imports from off output any event matter.
Instead here I want to call some method in my service which you will then will transfer this data for
me.
So any recipe service or add a new property public property which will name recipe's selected of course
you could choose a different name it will be an object instantiated by using U-bend emitter from Anglo
course so you need to add this import.
Let's put it at the top of the file.
That's kind of a good practice to do with your angler imports.
It will hold some recipe data and that's all I want to do in the recipe service.
With this set up and of course you could also encapsulate this by providing a method to get access to
it and want to Madiba.
But I will use the property itself so by adding this I can now go back to my recipe item component and
it on select that I want to do something with that property in the recipe service.
So first of all let's inject that lets inject the recipe service as you learn to do it.
Make sure to import it pointed to the recipe service file on the right folder and then on the recipe
service.
We can use this recipe select that event emitter and call emit and emit the recipe off this recipe item
component because that is the one we selected and that's the data we want to pass.
Now with this trick or with this approach we can go to the recipe list component and remove this Lisner
where we listened to Weber we did select that or not.
We can get rid of the on Recipe selected code and get rid of our own immediate event here so we're already
saving a lot of code.
Get rid of all these imports which we don't need anymore and any recipe's component HVM file.
We can also get rid of this event.
Your on the recipe list because we no longer use this chain of data and pass it around.
And now all I want to do is in this component here I want to listen to this event in the recipe service
so that I can now correctly decide whether we do have a selected recipe and should therefore render
the detail component.
Or if we should still showed us template with this please select a recipe text.
Therefore I will inject the service here to recipe service and since I provide the recipe service on
this component this component and all the other components in this recipe folder use the same instance
of the service.
Which of course is super important.
Otherwise the service where I admit the event would be a different one to the one I listened to it.
So I would never get informed about the event but here it will work because we're using the same instance.
So here in Engy on init for example I can set up my Lisner So on the recipe select that I can subscribe
to it and get informed about any changes.
And now here I know it will receive some data which is of type recipe because that's how we configure
DB and emitter.
It would give us a recipe and Indus E6 arrow function here.
That is the argument list and here is the function body.
Here I simply want to set this select recipe equal to the recipe we got with the U-bend end with that
we should get the same behavior as before if we reload the app.
But now having a much leaner approach of using a service for Krus component communication which of course
makes it much easier to pass test data.
As you saw and we don't have to build this complex chain of events and property binding